good evening I’m from ukraine and i’m asking people from russia what is your opinion on the fact that the russian troops have already lost in the Kyiv region the troops retreated they were winning something was liberated in the [ __ ] ukrainian troops kazakhstan live in the usa support a child still got it turns out i was seventeen this parents left or yourself [music] friday russian borders who turns out you parents were exiled giving kazakhstan get created kazakhstan and others died then we immigrated wondering life what year you fled just like you it turned out to escape from where you crossed the border of the secular path, maybe for someone else the main thing is that he got out of the midfield, but it turns out that according to the law you can have weapons and have different ones, I look at your collection, it’s just so chic right away I appreciated the application of your legislation, as it were, self-defense is allowed here there was this situation that during the ride in hou  se
acquitted acquitted I even watched the
court decision ate very opportunely in
public but everything was cool
young
well, as it were, because from the beginning he
shot there and when they started showing him
with a gun on him he ran away so it’s
served, but how do you, for example, here’s how
it shows you in america the news about
ukraine the hour has come they say show
it therefore everyone curses and you want to
destroy russia before that it shouldn’t
exist under this regime but by the way
that’s because here, for example in ukraine
we turn to america so that we
close the sky so that  and
that is, we get it, I understood the position of the
United States that no matter how much they want, they
want to clearly intervene so that there is no black
war, but we can help you with weapons, that
is, you give technical assistance and
don’t give human, so
they always deceived issued you understand
that  and the United States now has such a policy, they
are trying not to get in there cyber vodka at santa's
laser gun in place now
we still have the power of a democrat and
this be  brainy old man
sold himself to the Kremlin body shooter
touched it turned out not because
look showed that trump is not guilty
that all this was bought and ordered by
hillary clinton and they were already
fined by lawyers
and they are now from the investigation
it comes out there was no war under trump
because under him  they just stopped the
biden today, the war immediately started
because the Russians know that the
baydan is so weak,
not enough vein nothing
happens when in 2014 the Crimean
Democrats were
getting you such a position that the
Republicans oppose Russia more
so it turns out than the Democrats
we have such sanctions to
him
who  the most buried the northern stream 2
trump who opened oil derricks in
America and agreed with the Arab
countries and buried Russian oil
trump who brought nuclear weapons from
germany to poland on the borders of russia
closer trump
just we get it we somehow
depicted that on the contrary trump is more
pro-russian
i think it's a culprit  I thought I
would be a killer 7 trading closed and oil
rigs in America were left without work 140
thousand people buy oil from Russia for
60 million dollars a day
helping these Russians earn money to
spend money on weapons and attack
you
he wants to enter into an agreement again with
Iran on  about nuclear weapons, a nuclear
agreement from which the path
to give them money and an intermediary so that he
has Putin and he promised him
6 billion for mediation,
depending on how people perceive you, for example,
our president
Zelensky, what they say about him,
your
club
showed a chic one and now they compare it
with  us
because the
Soviet Union collapsed and
[laughter]
in parallel the
artist collapsed an
interesting comparison
I support, I’ll say that honestly it’s
different,
but this is how he showed himself,
but for example, how
do you generally feel about the actions of
Europe, so in terms of countering not a
word they  very weak, all the more so this traitor to the
macron in general goes to
talk and says  with these
terrorists with the Russians,
why do we have the same opinion in nature that
Germany that France are
prostitutes
why trump, as they say about the size to
smithereens, they did not contribute their
two percent of the GDP by the
NATO hole and the budget for there
budgetary
said you or you  wear it
or I’m going out I don’t want to take the rap for everyone to pay for you
and protect the whole of Europe,
that’s what I remember, even he
just works out for us, as you know,
Germany somehow
cooperates with Russia so much, doesn’t want to tear
Russia, connections on tires are already disgusting from
this is so, that is, they are against the war
against them, but we don’t want sanctions, we don’t
want there by restricting barbies for russia,
this doesn’t block most of all,
in principle, the same thing is nothing of the sort, it’s
normal why he forbade
giving you planes.
the most modern weapons and
horseradish would be put in two ways,
but on the other hand, we don’t want to
close ourselves, we weren’t
given the body shop to this Chekist how to
stop disk 2 what  dog breeds
you hunt hunting
hunter too, and
this is you in the usa in which state do you live the
republican headquarters is
not for example philadelphia democratic
without hands and the
cities of the city,
that is, it is never divided, it
turns out interesting, but look how
you have refugees from ukraine with sleep they are in
Europe was closer here
there are refugees yes how they are treated in one
of the copper people as I perceive it normally
hate Russians
more I saw yes I saw Russians
complain to live there in Europe somewhere in
cafes
stupid outfit again just assembling so
generally a group of people ran into a
restaurant  the Russian samovar is called
broken, they immediately ran away, it’s the Americans of the
river, then the Ukrainians run
so much already, as if not to perceive the
Russians so significantly,
because I watched 11 insta
bloggers, the Russians also cry somewhere there
they are not allowed to rent an apartment there noble their
faces and al is broken from  Moscow, and
so much in these twenty-two years, they
sucked out all their brains and filled them with this liquid
phallus andrey popok
andrey andrey popok papik experience
an attempt
was afraid to throw off the link if it’s
me there with a bridge with Russians talking to
Belarusians asking how they wear and I
wonder how they ask or
they consider it
their fault so that’s what I don’t
start me but so that I will do  myself,
what can I do?
about how the mood was looking for, they
defeated this very shipment, so I
understand that in
New York there is a diaspora of which he
has been living there for more than a year, for example,
maybe there are three generations of harnesses and
immigrants from Russia, so
unfortunately, very unfortunately, people are
running away from this regime  comes and
supports and supports and all many
where I was also surprised that some
Russians who are already living in Europe in
Europe will also not be the first year in Europe  and they
pile on a show, and because it’s right
that there is a special operation there, what do they
call the needle, damn it, you live, you left
this hell, you live in a normal
civilized country and you support
this withdrawal, they carry it with them, the
boyar war,
our brothers go and douse themselves and at the same
time
they
only  yes, we also have only
us, by the way, the usa has always had a
good attitude, so the
normal part is not about the Russian one, it’s clear
those who listen to where the Russian
TV channels are to steal all of them are not completely
Danish soviet whales people are still and so we
have very good relations with the usa but
lately, due to the fact
that this conflict seems to interfere weakly and
does not oppose Russia, it
supplies us so little, but for the first days
they did not want to supply at all, they thought
that it seems to me that they thought that they
would capture us in three days and everything
does not happen  so that they give you
this difficult and complicated process for a long time, you
pretty quickly began to receive
weapons already while this is all being taken while
some  in any case, in any case, think somewhere
to write to seal, collect weapons,
fence off, that is, it turns out for you,
for example, by the middle of the United States it wasn’t the
same there, we don’t give weapons to us at a word, the
process went completely, not only all the
generals who, in principle, didn’t
really want to give him  said new
loot, we’ll give some help there, the
generals also spoke out, they said the guys need to
help seriously help give them very
good weapons so that they can
destroy these tanks shoot down planes
that will be
small arms and at first, therefore,
first we’ll put a pair of planes with
jimmy lee us and
slowly more  and more,
our guys have already made so many videos
there
so many Russian papa lina equipment is
simply unmeasured
broken clone
vidos because we
proved that this is a strong army that
has no analogues
carried
washing machines then a
pentium 4 computer with such a monitor  m healthy
and once again the
same impoverished country,
as they say,
you can’t say that I came,
what beauty you need to be photographed,
but the fact that it’s their own bought
this person,
for example, you understand that
your country’s budget is formed from your
taxes, we understand this, they don’t understand
here  they sit they will sit with their grays
and count it from damned america they
don’t have a gas pipeline from the
windows
they live somewhere when you communicate with Russians
mons some such downtrodden village
sits there without water and without anything everything but
he is about to be against america  and a
jester but you are sitting there with a
western phone your computer is western you have everything
tomorrow but you hate them
because you know why I’ll say
I’m such a change tomorrow they are
full of Turkmen they envy
that they live worse and you know how a
person has achieved  something here he worked for
him, not drunkenness, he worked in a career,
but someone was drunkenness, and this is his connection,
so he got it from his uncle
because they are frightened  climbed upstairs that the
bacillus of freedom that exists in
ukraine will infect all their populations
because they don’t see that it is developing
so that Poroshenko will like scolding
there, people of percent elected Zelensky
then they won’t like it and I’ll take a friend our
president is changing and
the whole world likes it you are great you
free, but they don’t
have it, there are people who
were born under Putin and they already had children
they didn’t see in life
,
and you know what’s most interesting not
only for adults, we somehow think of the atom
there, grandparents, they are from the union and
they seem to be there  not young people here we have a
TV tick tock instagram youtube
but it’s shorter it’s all the same speed
why so I don’t know
or just liquid
I think Russian is like that
well because a lot of
help
thanks for the conversation
before the victory I think we
have a stronger spirit
plywood marauders
even among us they say even baba yaga
frowned when vanyan smells of Russian spirit
there all
all glory to ukraine glory to america
words